Oliver Twist, chapter 1, the young woman.
In a town in England, there was a building often found in most towns in England.
It was a work house.
Their Oliver Twist was born.
The doctor and an old nurse looked at him.
They were not sure if he would leave or die.
However, at last he began to cry, like any other baby.
Let me see my baby, said the young woman, who was Oliver's mother.
She held the baby in her arms and kissed him, then she lay back and died.
Oliver Twist, by Charles Dickens, chapter 1, the young woman.
She was a beautiful girl.
Where did she come from?
Asked the doctor.
She was brought here last night, answered the old woman.
She was found in the street.
She was very tired and her shoes were broken after walking for a long time.
Nobody knows where she came from or where she was going to.
The doctor lifted the left hand of the young woman.
The old story, he said, shaking his head.
No wedding ring, I see.
The young woman must have run away from home.
She could not tell her family that she was going to have a baby because she was not married.
Oliver was now an orphan.
He was crying loudly while the old nurse was raising him in the closet of the workhouse.
Oliver Twist, by Charles Dickens, chapter 1, the workhouse.
When Oliver Twist was ten-month-old, he was sent to a smaller workhouse.
There were twenty or thirty other young orphans lying on the floor.
They did not have many warm clothes or much food to eat.
An old woman called Mrs. Mann was given seven-and-a-half pants each week to look after his child.
Unfortunately, she took most of the money and spent very little on the children.
As a result of this, Oliver Twist was thin and weak.
He was also rather small.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist, chapter 1, continue.
On his ninth birthday, Oliver and two other boys told Mrs. Mann that they were hungry.
She locked them in the cellar as punishment.
While they were there, Mr. Bumble, the master of the workhouse, arrived to see Mrs. Mann.
Goodness is that you, Mr. Bumble, sir.
She said looked out of the window and saw him at the gate.
How happy I am to see you, Mr. Bumble.
Mr. Bumble was very fat and he walked slowly towards the front door of the house.
Come in, sir, said Mrs. Mann.
I told the dear children that you would visit them today.
Well, well, Mrs. Mann, let's go inside, answered Mr. Bumble.
I am here on business and I have something important to say.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist, chapter 1, the workhouse, continue.
Mrs. Mann took Mr. Bumble into his small kitchen and gave him a drink of gin from the bottle
she kept in the cupboard.
And now about business said Mr. Bumble, the child that we called Oliver Twist is nine
years old today, was still not know where his mother came from, or who, his father
is, said Mr. Bumble.
Why is she called Oliver Twist, asked Mrs. Mann.
I decided to call him that.
We named the offerings in the alphabetical order.
The one before him was S. This one was a T. So I named him Twist, replied Mr. Bumble.
You are very clever, Mr. Bumble, said Mrs. Mann.
Well, well, perhaps I am, replied Mr. Bumble.
Oliver is too old to stay here now, so I am going to take him back to the large workhouse.
Let me see him at once.
Mrs. Mann took Oliver into the room to see Mrs. Bumble.
Will you come with me, Oliver?
Asked Mr. Bumble, Oliver was going to say that he would be happy to leave it when he
saw Mrs. Mann looking at him angrily.
Oliver tried to look sad.
Mrs. Mann kissed him goodbye.
Mr. Bumble took him to see the owners of the workhouse.
Why, listen to me.
Do you know that you are an orphan?
Asked the fattest gentleman at the top of the table.
What is that, sir?
Asked Oliver.
The boy is very stupid, said another gentleman.
Do you know that you don't have parents?
Said the first gentleman.
You are here to learn how to work.
You will begin to work.
Tomorrow morning at six o'clock.
Chance Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 1, the workhouse continued.
Life in the workhouse was very hard.
The children had to work and were given three vowels of thin porridge every day.
Oliver and the other boys were always very hungry.
One day, a tall boy told the owners that if he was not given some more porridge, he
would eat the boy's house left next to him.
The other boys were frightened.
They decided that one of them should ask the master for more after supper that evening.
Oliver was chosen.
In the evening, when the boy is finished eating, Oliver got up from the table.
Please, sir, I want some more, he said.
What?
Said the master angrily and hit Oliver on the head with his pull.
When Mr. Bumble heard that Oliver wanted more porridge, he said about the owner of the
workhouse.
That boy will be hand-walled day, said the owner.
The next day, a notice, was put outside the door of the workhouse.
He said that five pounds would be given to anyone who would take Oliver away.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist, jumped to one, the chimney sweep.
For the next week, Oliver was locked in a dark room.
This was because he had asked for more porridge.
At night, he put his hands over his eyes because he was afraid of the talk.
Every evening, Oliver was taken to the larger hall and beaten while the other boys were
watching it.
One morning, a chimney sweep, called Mr. Gavild, was walking past the workhouse door.
He saw the notice about Oliver and went to speak to the owners of the workhouse.
And needed a boy to climb up inside chimneys and clean them.
On the way to the magistrate, Mr. Bumble told Oliver to look very happy and tell the magistrate
that he would like very much to be a chimney sweep.
But Oliver said that he did not want to go with Mr. Gavild.
Well, said Mr. Bumble, of all the orphans, I know you are the worst.
Be quiet, said the magistrate, I will not sign these documents.
The next day, a notice was put outside the door for the workhouse again.
It said that five pounds would be given to anyone who would take Oliver away.
Bogdan Nash, the turtle.
The turtle lives twixt plated desks, which practically conceal its sex.
I think it clever on the turtle, such a fix to be so frontal.
Chapter 2 The Undertaker
A few days later, Mr. Bumble was returning to the workhouse when he met a tall, thin
man called Mr. Salvery, who was wearing a black suit because he was an undertaker.
I have measured the two women who died last night, said Mr. Salvery.
You will soon be a rich man, asked Mr. Bumble.
The prices for the coffin are very small, and the wood is expensive, sir, answered Mr.
Salvery.
Do you know anyone who wants a boy?
Asked Mr. Bumble, pointing to the notice about Oliver on the door.
Yes, I wanted to ask you about that, said Mr. Salvery.
I think I will take the boy to work for me.
Last evening, Mr. Bumble took Oliver to Mr. Salvery's shop.
Here is the boy I told you about Mr. Salvery, said Mr. Bumble.
Mrs. Salvery, will you come here, my dear, said Mr. Salvery.
Here is very small, but he will grow now a food and drink, said Mrs. Salvery.
Mrs. Salvery taught Oliver to go downstairs into the kitchen, and then she gave the boy
some of the co-pieces of meat left for the dog.
Oliver ate the meat quickly and handily, while Mrs. Salvery was watching him.
When he finished eating, she took him upstairs again.
You will slip in here, with a conference, she said.
Charles Dickens Oliver Twist
Champed the tomb, nigh-claple.
That night, Oliver was left to learn in the outer-taker's shop.
Hey, looked around the shop, a conference toured in the middle of the room.
When Oliver saw it, he got afraid.
He was thinking about dead people and ghosts as he fell asleep.
In the morning, Oliver heard someone kicking loudly at the front door of the shop.
Oliver slowly opened the door, and saw an old boy sitting on a wall.
He was eating some bread and butter.
Do you want to buy a conference, sir?
Asked Oliver.
Don't you know who I am?
Said the old boy.
I am Mr. Nigh-Claple, and you work under me.
Nigh- when downstairs to speak to Charles, he was not an orphan.
His family was poor, but he lived at home with his parents.
One evening Mr. Salvery said to his wife that Oliver looks sad and would be good at children's
funerals.
Well, Oliver, how did you like it?
Not very much, sir.
Replied Oliver.
You'll get used to it in time, Oliver said Mr. Salvery.
One day, Oliver and Nigh-Claple were alone in the kitchen.
Nigh- was jealous of Oliver because Mr. Salvery let Oliver help him and if you know, he began
to make fun of Oliver.
You know your mother was a bad woman, said Nigh- and it's a good thing, she did, because
now she would be in prison.
Oliver jumped up, grabbed Nigh- by throat, and knocked him to the ground.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist, chapter two, Nigh-Claple, continue.
Help!
Charlotte!
Mrs. Salvery!
Help!
He's murdering me!
Shouted Nigh.
Charlotte screamed and Mrs. Salvery ran into the kitchen.
They both grabbed Oliver and hit him several times.
Nigh got up from the ground and began to hit Oliver too.
Then they took him to the cellar.
When Oliver was safe to lock up, Mrs. Salvery sat down on a chair and began to cry.
Well, lucky that he didn't murder us, said Mrs. Salvery.
Yes, we are very happy to bear life, said Charlotte.
I hope the master will not take it any more of these workhouse boys that are born to be
murderer and robbers.
He nearly murdered Parnoy.
What shall we do with him now, asked Mr. Salvery?
I know, run to Mr. Bumble Nigh and tell him to come here immediately.
Mr. Bumble immediately went with Nigh to the undertaker's shop.
Then Mr. Salvery unlocked the cellar door and pulled Oliver out.
Oliver was not afraid.
They looked at Nigh and said, he called my mother names.
So what?
Said Mr. Salvery.
She dissolved.
What he said.
No, she didn't.
It's a lie, said Oliver.
At this Mrs. Salvery began to cry.
Mr. Salvery beat Oliver and Mr. Bumble hit Oliver with his tick.
Then they locked him in the room with the conference.
As Oliver said there, he was thinking about running away.
He decided to try to leave the sobber's shop.
He slowly got up from the floor, carefully unlocked the door and opened it.
There was the cold and dark night outside.
Oliver was afraid of the tuck.
He decided to wait until morning came.
Then it was light, Oliver got up, opened the door and went outside into the street.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist, Chapter 3 to London, Oliver didn't know where to go.
Then he remembered the way Mr. Bumble had brought him to the sobber's shop from the
workhouse.
It was very early in the morning, so nobody saw him.
Then he walked on until he came to the small workhouse for young boys.
Oliver stopped and looked into the garden.
He saw a friend there, working in the garden.
Hello, Dick, Oliver said quietly, is anyone awake?
Only me replied the young boy.
You mustn't say that you saw me, Dick, said Oliver, I'm running away.
I'm very happy to see you, but don't stop, don't stop, said Dick.
I'll say goodbye to you, Dick, but I'll come back here again one day.
I know I will, said Oliver.
I hope so, replied Dick, goodbye and God bless you.
There were the first kind words Oliver had in his life.
Oliver ran and walked as far as he could from the town until he was nearly five miles away.
Then he sat down to rest and saw the sign by the side of the road.
The words of the sign were written in large letters.
They said, London, seventy miles.
They continued walking for seven days, and kind people gave him some bread and water.
Eventually he came to Barnet, a small town not far from London.
It was very early in the morning, and there was nobody in the street.
Suddenly Oliver's boy were in strange clothes.
He had a long coat and a large hat.
He was shot, but he looked like a little man.
The boy came over and spoke to Oliver.
Hello?
What's wrong with you?
He asked.
He looked very hungry, come with me, and I'll give you something to eat.
My name is Jack Dawkins, but my friends call me the Artful Dodger.
Then Dodger took Oliver to an ugly and dirty part of the city.
He opened the door of the house and pulled Oliver inside.
The inside of the room was very dirty.
There was a table in the middle of the room with a candle on it, and all the men were standing near the fire.
He was cooking some sausages in a pan.
The old man had long red hair, and he was very dirty, old coat.
There were some silk handkerchiefs on the line beside him.
Four or five bars were sitting at the table.
They were smoking pups and drinking gin.
This is my friend Oliver Twist, said Dodger after he had whipped something to the old man.
The old man smiled at Oliver, shook his hand, and said that his name was Foggin.
They are very happy to see Oliver, said Foggin.
Then they all sat down to eat.
Foggin gave Oliver drink of gin, and soon he felt very tight.
Just Dickens, Oliver Twist, Chapter 3, Foggin's Gamm.
The next morning, when Oliver woke up, he saw Foggin making some coffee by the fire.
The old man did not see that Oliver was awake.
He opened a secret hole in the floor and took out a small box.
He took out a good watch from the box and said,
clever dogs, they didn't tell the police about me, good man, good man.
Then he took six more watches and submarines and other pieces of jewelry from the box.
Suddenly he saw Oliver watching him.
Foggin looked at Oliver for a few seconds and spoke in a kind voice.
Did you see any of these pretty things?
Said Foggin.
They are mine, Oliver.
They all I have when I am old.
Oliver thought it was a little strange that man with so many beautiful watches lived in
a dirty old house.
Oliver got up and went to the corner of the room to wash his face.
When he turned round, the box was not on the table anymore.
Just then the dodger returned to the house with one of the other boys.
The other boy was called Charlie Bates.
The dodger took some bread and some meat from inside his hat and they all sat down for breakfast.
One did you get?
Said Foggin to Dodger and Charlie.
Four hangagers said Charlie and gave them to Foggin.
Very good.
Teacher Oliver, how to pick out the labels with a needle, said Foggin.
After breakfast, Charlie and Dodger played a very strange game with Foggin.
The old man put on a coat, then he put a watch, a wallet, and some hangagers into his pockets.
Next, he walked up and down the room.
Sometimes he stopped near the fire or the door.
He looked like another man shopping in the street.
The dodger and Charlie followed him while he walked up and down the room.
Suddenly, the dodgers took on the old man's feet and Charlie pushed him.
While they did this, the two boys quickly took all the things from Foggin's pockets.
This game was played several times.
If Foggin knew that one of the boys' hands was in his pocket,
he would stop again and they would start again.
Oliver enjoyed watching the game very much.
When the boys went to see any workout, Foggin said to Oliver,
Can you take this handkerchief from my pocket without my feeling it?
Oliver did, as Foggin asked.
Your dear reclaver Oliver said, Foggin.
If you learn as quickly as this, you'll soon be a great man.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 4
The Rest of Oliver
The next morning, they left the house and began to walk slowly on the streets.
Oliver thought about what work they would do.
The dodger and Charlie walked so slowly that Oliver began to think that they did not walk
to go to work at all.
Suddenly, the dodger stopped walking.
Follow me, said the dodger, the Charlie and Oliver.
The boys quickly crossed the road and began to follow the old gentleman.
He stopped to look at the book inside the bookshop.
While he was doing this, the dodger put his hand into the old gentleman pocket
and took out a handkerchief.
Then the dodger and Charlie ran away.
Oliver stood on the pavement outside the shop looking at the old gentleman.
Then the old gentleman realized that he did not have his handkerchief.
Oliver got afraid.
He decided to run away too.
Stop thief, stop thief shouted the old man.
Other people in the street began to chase Oliver.
It lost a man caught Oliver.
Oliver lay on the ground.
He was covered with mud and dust and his mouth was bleeding.
Poor boy, said the old gentleman.
His hurt.
I did that, sir, said the man from the crowd.
I stopped him, sir.
That moment a policeman arrived.
Come on, get up, said he to Oliver.
He took Oliver by the jacket and they went to the police station.
The old gentleman and some of the people from the crowd followed them.
Chance Dickens, Oliver Twist, chapter 4, The Magistrate.
The police station was only a few streets away.
Are you the person that was robbed?
The policeman asked the old gentleman.
Yes, I am.
But I am not sure that this boy actually took the handkerchief, he replied.
You must go to the magistrate now, sir, said the policeman.
The policeman took Oliver into a dirty stern cell.
He was locked up.
The old gentleman looked at Oliver through the door of the cell.
There is something about that boy's face, he thought.
Where did I see that face before?
He looks like somebody I know.
No, it must be my imagination.
A little while later, Oliver and the old gentleman were taken to the magistrate.
The old gentleman's name was Mr. Brownlow.
He told the magistrate that he had run after Oliver because he saw Oliver run in a way.
He also said that he was not sure that Oliver was the thief.
Oliver looked very pale.
He felt very sick.
What is your name?
Ask the magistrate.
He said his name is Tom White, sir.
The policeman answered for him.
Does he have any parents?
He says they died when he was a baby, sir.
At the moment, Oliver feigned and fell down on the floor.
No, but moot.
That moment, the owner of the bookshop arrived.
I saw everything what happened, he said.
It wasn't this boy who stole the handkerchief, it was another boy.
Sorry, I couldn't come here before, there was nobody to look after my shop.
Now everybody out shouted the magistrate.
Oliver was carried outside by a policeman and laid down to the ground.
Call the coach somebody quickly said Mr. Brownlow.
Can I come with you?
Ask the bookshop owner.
Yes, my dear sir, replied Mr. Brownlow.
Get it quickly.
The bookshop owner got into the coach in the adorable to Mr. Brownlow's house.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist, chapter 5 at Mr. Brownlow's house.
A short time later, they arrived at a neat house and a quiet street.
Oliver had a fever and for many days lay asleep in bed.
At last he awoke from his sleep.
He sat up in his bed and looked around for the first time.
An old lady laid her hand on Oliver's head and looked kindly at him.
She gave him some water to drink.
After that, she told him to be quietly or he would be ill again.
The old lady was very kind but Oliver felt very weak.
She soon fell asleep again.
Mrs. Bedwin sat near his bed and watched him as he was sleeping.
When he finally awoke, it was a bright day.
Oliver felt happy.
The illness was over.
Oliver looked around the room and saw a picture on the wall.
It was a painting of a lady's face.
She is so pretty, said Oliver.
Suddenly there was a knock at the door and Mr. Brownlow came in.
How do you feel, Tom White?
My name is Oliver.
Oliver Twist, sir, answered Oliver.
I hope you are not angry with me.
No, no, said Mr. Brownlow.
Suddenly he exclaimed looking to the picture.
Was this?
Mrs. Bedwin looked here.
The boy's face looked like the face in the picture.
The eyes, the mouth, and the head were the same.
Oliver fainted.
When he recovered, the picture was not on the wall.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 5 at Mr. Brownlow's house.
Mr. Brownlow thought it would worry you, said Mrs. Bedwin.
But if you get better quickly, then it was a hang-up again.
Now let us talk about something else.
And Mrs. Bedwin talked to Oliver about her children,
and they played cards.
Oliver was happy.
Everybody was kind to him, and soon he became well.
One evening Mr. Brownlow told him to come into the room.
It was a small room where the window looked out until the garden.
The room was full of books.
Oh, I never saw so many books, said Oliver.
Would you like to be a book writer?
Asked Mr. Brownlow.
I think it would be much better to be a book seller, said Oliver.
Mr. Brownlow asked Oliver to tell him about his life.
How he became an orphan, where did he come from,
and how did he come to London?
Oliver began to tell Mr. Brown about his life
in the orphanage when a servant knocked at the door.
The servant told Mr. Brownlow that his friend, Mr. Grimwick,
came to visit him.
At this moment, a larger old gentleman came into the room.
He was wearing a blue coat and a white hat.
Oliver bowed to Mr. Grimwick.
You don't mean to say that's the boy who had a fever, said Mr. Grimwick.
How are you, boy?
Much better, thank you, sir, answered Oliver.
When Oliver left the room to tell Mrs. Bedwin that they were ready for tea,
Mr. Grimwick said to Mr. Brownlow that Oliver would never told him the truth about his life.
At that moment, Mrs. Bedwin brought in some books for Mr. Brownlow from the bookshop,
but there was something to go back to the shop.
Let me take them for you, sir, said Oliver.
Mr. Brownlow gave him five pounds and said,
take this book back and give the man in the shop the money for the books that I bought now.
Oliver felt very happy to have Mr. Brownlow.
I'll be back in twenty minutes, said he.
Mrs. Bedwin fell all over to the door and told him how to go to the workshop.
You expect him to come back, do you,
often Mr. Grimwick?
The boy has new clothes, new shoes, some valuable books, and five pounds in his pocket.
He'll return to his old friends and laugh at you.
The two men sat quietly in the room, looking at the clock.
They were waiting for Oliver to return.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist,
chapter five, back to the faggot's place.
When the daughter Charlie returned Faggot's house,
they told Faggot about Oliver and his rest.
I'm afraid he may say something about us to the police, said Faggot.
Somebody must go to the Magistrate's office to find out what has happened.
They decided to send Nancy.
The policeman in the Magistrate told her that Oliver was at Mr. Brownlow's house.
Faggot decided to watch Mr. Brownlow's house.
Oliver was walking to the workshop.
He felt very happy.
Suddenly Nancy saw him and began to shout,
oh, my dear little brother, where have you been?
She grabbed Oliver.
The faggot's company forced Oliver into the dark street.
There was nobody to help Oliver to escape.
Nobody hears his cries.
Where in town?
Where in tale of life?
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist, chapter five, back to the faggot's place.
Continue.
And Mr. Brownlow's house, Mrs. Bedwin, Mr. Brownlow,
and Mr. Grimwick wondered why Oliver had not returned.
Nancy took Oliver to the Faggot's house.
Delighted to see you looking so well, Oliver, said Faggot,
bowing as his poke.
They took Oliver's nuclear orders and shoes,
and gave him some old ones to put in.
The artful dodger found the five pounds at Oliver's pocket.
Then they decided to sell the books.
Oliver fell down at Faggot's feet.
No, they belonged to the old gentleman, cried Oliver.
Please send him back the books and the money.
Faggot picked up a stick and hit Oliver.
Oliver quickly jumped up and ran towards the door.
Faggot, the dodger, and Charlie ran after him.
They caught Oliver before he could escape.
Nancy ran forward and grabbed the stick from Faggot's hand.
Leave him alone, she cried.
Leave him alone, or I kill you.
I was wrong to help you to bring him.
Came back here.
Nancy jumped up and tried to attack Faggot.
But he grabbed her.
She struggled, but she could not break free from him.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 6 The Robbery
For the next few days, Oliver was kept prisoner in Faggot's house.
But one dark night, Faggot left him alone and went to visit Belsach's.
All thief and terrible man.
There, Faggot saw Nancy sitting by the fire.
Its very cold night, Nancy, said Faggot looking at the fire and the bottle of gin on the table.
Give him a drink, Nancy, said Bill.
Faggot sat down and began to speak.
When are you going to break into the house of Charles's bill?
He asked.
It's full of fine silver.
Toby Crackett was watching the place,
but he couldn't find any of the servants to help us, said Bill.
Maybe we can break into the house from the outside?
Can you give me a small boy to help us?
Oliver will help you.
He's just the right size, said Faggot.
If he doesn't, I'll kill him, replied Bill.
Don't be worried, Bill.
Soon he will be one of us, said Faggot.
I plan to do it tomorrow night.
There will be no moon, said Bill.
Bring Oliver here to my house tomorrow evening.
Nancy can bring him because he trusts her and will go with her more easily.
Faggot looked at Nancy carefully.
Then he left Bill's house and returned home.
Oliver was waiting for him.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist,
jumped to six.
The plan goes wrong.
That night Nancy came to take Oliver to Bill's house.
She came in and sat down by the fire.
She looked very pale.
You must come at me to Bill's house.
I promised him that I would bring you there.
If I don't, he will help me.
Nancy showed Oliver some marks on her arms and neck made by Bill.
She took Oliver out on the house to where the carriage was waiting.
They got into the carriage and the driver quickly took them to Bill's house.
It was a dock, wait night, when they left the house.
The house was dark and looked empty.
Sykes pushed the door open.
Toby was waiting for them inside.
The two robbers then held Oliver by each hand and went out.
They walked quickly along the contrary road and crossed a bridge.
Soon they came to a little town of Chelsea.
The main street was empty at this time of night.
After walking a little further, they stopped in front of the large house.
Bill and Toby forced a small window open.
Now listen, Sykes said to Oliver, you are going to climb through the window.
Then you must go to the front door of the house, unlock it and open it.
Toby and Sykes lifted Oliver up to the window and pushed him through it.
Oliver suddenly decided to try to run upstairs to warn the family of the house about the robbery.
But the noise came from upstairs.
Somebody in the house was awake, a light came on the top of the stairs.
Two men appeared there.
One of them had gone, you find at the robbers.
Oliver fell down with the brush.
Sykes quickly pulled him back through the window.
Oliver had wounded.
Sykes and Toby left Oliver on the ground and escaped over the wall without him.
They say that people don't want to read books now.
They don't want exactly what they want, but it is more than that, just bread and circuses.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 6, Oliver is caught.
The two men from the house ran after the robbers.
There were servants of the old lady who lived in the house.
They ran across the grass but stopped before they reached the wall.
They were afraid to go any further and so they returned to the house.
Oliver was lying unconscious on the ground.
It was raining.
He had been lying there for several hours until morning came.
Then at last he awoke.
He cried out in pain.
He could not mow his left arm.
He felt very weak.
He got up slowly and walked towards the house.
He knocked on the door and fell down on the doorstep.
Inside the house the servants, Mr. Gills and Mr. Britels were telling the cook and the house
made about the robbery.
Just then they heard Oliver's knock at the door.
They all went to the front door, opened it carefully and found Oliver.
The woman's servant went upstairs to tell the old lady who owned the house about the captured the
sieve.
A young woman appeared at the top of the stairs.
As the poor boy badly heard she asked, he might die, Miss.
Said Britels.
Would you like to see him?
The young woman came to speak to her aunt.
Soon she returned and told the men to bring Oliver upstairs and go and find a doctor.
Be careful with the boy, she said.
They carried Oliver to her bedroom.
Fagging the donja and Charlie Bates were playing cards while they waited for Bill Sykes
to return after the robbery.
Then Toby Crackett came and told Fagging about the robbery.
We didn't get the silver, he said.
They fired a task with the gun and hit Oliver.
We tried to run away with him but he was too heavy to carry so we left him there.
We left him lying on the ground and ran away.
I don't know if he is lying or dead.
Charles Dickens. Oliver Twist.
Chapter 6
Fagging Mates Monks
Fagging jumped up angrily and ran out of the house.
He went a bar where thieves and criminals liked to meet.
Inside the bar the room was full of smoke.
Fagging looked around carefully.
He was looking for one man in particular but he did not see him.
Tell monks that I came to see him and that he must come to me tonight,
said Fagging to the landlord.
Fagging left the bar and hired home but at a street where he lived,
Fagging some monks waiting for him.
They both went inside Fagging's house to talk.
Fagging told monks about the robbery and Oliver.
If he is dead it is not my fault, said monks.
I told you that I didn't want him to be murdered.
If he is dead it is not my fault.
Just then monks thought he saw something more.
It was a woman's shadow on the wall.
Fagging and monks ran out of the room to look for them mysterious woman.
They did not find anyone there.
They listened but could not hear any noise in the house.
They looked in all the rooms in the house but could not find anyone there.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 6
Dr. Laspern
And the house at Chasse, the young woman and her aunt were waiting for the doctor to arrive.
The young woman was about 17 years old and very beautiful.
Eventually the doctor arrived with Mr. Britels.
The doctor ran into the room to speak to the two women.
The doctor's name was Laspern.
There was a boy upstairs for you to see, said Miss Rouse.
The doctor Laspern went upstairs with Mr. Gilles to look at Oliver.
A long time later, Dr. Laspern returned.
Is the boy in danger?
Asked Mrs. Manley?
No, I don't think so, said the doctor.
I would like you both to come and see him.
The ladies followed Dr. Laspern upstairs to the room where Oliver was lying.
Mrs. Manley and Miss Rouse expected to see an evil criminal lying on the bed
instead they saw only child sleeping in jardom across his chest.
Several hours later, Oliver woke and was able to tell them his story.
Soon two policemen arrived at the house to ask about the robbers.
Mr. Gilles told them that he didn't think Oliver was one of them.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 6 The Manley's
Oliver's own was very painful.
He also had a fever from lying on the ground in the rain.
He laid bed for several weeks.
One day Miss Rouse asked Oliver.
Would you like to work for us as a servant?
Soon we are going to visit the countryside,
and we would like to take you with us.
The peace and quiet, the clean air,
and the beauty of nature will help you to recover from your illness.
I would be very happy to work for you, said Oliver.
Two weeks later, The Manley's and Oliver left the house at Chauncey
and moved to a summer cottage in the countryside.
Oliver began to enjoy a new life there.
Miss Rouse taught him to read and to write.
He went for walks in the country.
Then he would listen to Miss Rouse play the piano in the evenings.
This happy life went on for three months,
and Oliver felt like one of the family.
Was very painful.
Fever.
The peace and quiet.
The beauty of nature to recover felt like one of the family.
Chaunce Dickens ordered a twist.
Chapter 7
Monk Smith's Mr. Bible
One day Mr. Bible went for a drink in a bar near the warehouse.
The bar was empty except for one man.
Mr. Bible ordered a drink and sat down.
He looked at the other man.
He was a tall dog stranger in a long coat.
Mr. Bible drank and read newspaper.
Then, the stranger spoke to him.
I the master of the warehouse here.
I want some information from you.
The stranger put two gold coins on the table.
Mr. Bible took the coins and put them into his pocket.
Twelve years ago, a boy was born in the warehouse.
A small gentle boy who went to work for her undertaker
and then ran away to London.
Your men Oliver, Oliver Twist, said Mr. Bible.
I want to know who looked after his mother.
The old woman who looked after Oliver's mother died last winter.
My wife knows something important about her.
I want your wife to send me tomorrow evening at nine o'clock.
Come to the old factory by the river.
Keep our meeting as sacred, said the stranger.
What is your name?
Asked Mr. Bible.
Monks answered the stranger and quickly walked away.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 7.
The Meeting
Mr. and Mrs. Bible walked about a mile and a half and at last
they saw some old houses near the river.
In the middle of these houses toured a larger building.
It was used at the factory but was now in ruins.
When they came up to the building, Mr. and Mrs. Bible stopped.
Suddenly a small door opened and Monks let them in.
The woman knows what is it about, doesn't she?
Said Monks.
While you were the old woman who had looked after Oliver's mother
on the night she died.
Yes, I was there.
She answered.
Monks took some gold coins from his pocket and counted out 25 pounds.
He pulled the coins on the table in front of Mrs. Bible.
Now tell me a story about the old woman he said.
A young woman, Oliver's mother.
Gave old Sally some jewelry and a document.
She asked her to give everything to the boy.
Where is this jewelry now?
Asked Monks.
Here, answered Mrs. Bible.
She opened a small bag and emptied it in the table.
It contained a gold wedding ring, a gold chain and two locks over her.
Monks suddenly pushed the table and putting an iron ring in the floor opened a large door
at Mr. Bible's feet.
Mr. Bible stepped back quickly.
Monks took jewelry and put it back into the small bag.
Then he tied the bag to a large piece of metal and dropped the bag
through the door in the floor into the river.
Now there is nothing that can be used against us.
Get away from here as fast as you can.
Said Monks.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 7.
Nancy.
Facking Nancy and the boys left socks sleeping and returned home.
When they arrived at the house, Facking took Nancy into a room alone.
Then he said, I'll go and get you some money, Nancy.
I don't have very much.
Suddenly they heard the noise of someone else in the house.
Listen.
Who is that?
Pride Fagging.
A man came into the room.
It was Monks.
He stopped when he saw that Nancy was with Fagging.
It's only one of my young people said Fagging.
Then he and Monks went to the room upstairs.
Nancy took off her shoes and very quietly followed them.
She hid in the darkness and listened.
Fifteen minutes later, Nancy quickly returned to the room downstairs.
Then Fagging and Monks came down.
Monks left the house and Fagging went to take the money for Nancy.
When he returned, Fagging looked at the girl and said,
You look very pale, Nancy.
Is anything wrong?
Then he gave her the money and she went out
into the street.
Nancy sat down on the doorstep to think for a few minutes.
Then he hurried home to build.
When she arrived at the house,
Sacks asked her for the money and then went back to sleep.
He did not notice that she looked worried.
Chance Dickens.
Olive Twist.
Chapter 7.
Nancy's Secret Visit.
Next day, Sacks used Fagging's money to buy food and drink.
He was too busy eating and drinking to notice Nancy's unusual behavior.
However, at night, as she sat waiting for him to fall asleep,
he noticed that she had a strange look on her face and her eyes were bright.
Once the matter with you, he asked.
Nothing said Nancy.
Why are you looking at me like that?
What are you thinking about?
Sacks asked, shaking her arm.
About many things said Nancy.
Your ill, said Sacks, come and sit here beside me.
Nancy sat down beside him on the bed.
Sacks lay down and closed his eyes.
Then he opened them quickly to see if Nancy was still there.
Eventually, he fell asleep.
The drug is working with Nancy to herself.
She quickly put on her coat and had making sure that Bill was asleep.
Then he kissed him and silently left the house.
Nancy walked along the back street towards the west end of London.
It was 10 o'clock and the shops were already closed.
Nancy began to run, pushing the people in the street.
When she came to the wealthy part of the city, there were less people in the street.
Finally, she arrived at a small hotel and looked around.
Tell Miss Mary that a young woman asks to speak to her alone, said Nancy,
to a man from the hotel.
Very well, I'll tell her, said the man, wait here for a moment.
A beautiful young girl entered the room.
It was Rose Mary.
When she saw Miss Mary, Nancy began to cry.
Sit down and tell me what is wrong, said Rose.
Nancy did not sit down and said that she made sure that the door was closed.
And then she said, my life is in your hands.
I'm the girl that took little Oliver back to old Fagan's house on the night.
He went out from Mr. Brownlow's house.
You're crutters.
I came here to tell you something about Oliver.
Do you know a man called Monks?
No, I never heard that name before, Arthur Rose.
He knows you, and he knows you're here, said Nancy.
That's how I find you.
I heard Monks tell Fagan that Monks had seen Oliver in the street with two of your bars
on the day, we lost him.
Monks knows who Oliver is.
He promises Fagan a large sum of money if Oliver is brought back from Mr. Brownlow's
and made a sieve.
Why did he want to do this, asked Rose?
Last night, I heard Monks tell Fagan that the only proof of the boy's identity was lying
at the bottom of the river, and the old woman who had had those things was dead.
Monks said he didn't want a younger brother.
His brother cried Rose.
That's what he said, said Nancy.
Now I must go.
But what can I do?
How can we save Oliver?
Asked Rose.
Do you promise to keep my secret and to meet me alone?
I promise said Rose.
Every Sunday night, from 11 o'clock until midnight, I will be on London Bridge,
said Nancy.
Then she got up to leave.
Now I must go, said Nancy.
And she left Rose alone in the room.
Chance Dickens.
Oliver Twist.
Chapter 7.
Rose goes to Mr. Brownlow's house.
The next morning, Oliver came to tell Rose
that he had seen Mr. Brownlow in the street and asked the coach driver Mr. Brownlow's address.
Five minutes later, they were in the coach on their way to his house.
Rose left Oliver in the coach and went inside alone.
Oliver could join them in a few minutes.
Rose told Mr. Brownlow what had happened to Oliver when he left Mr. Brownlow's house.
Why hadn't he returned on the day Mr. Brownlow sent him out with the books?
She told Mr. Brownlow about everything since then.
Thank God, tried Mr. Brownlow.
You have made me very happy.
But where is he now?
He is in the coach outside the front door, said Rose.
Mr. Brownlow jumped up, hurried from the room and down the stairs to see Oliver.
A few minutes later, he returned to the room with Oliver.
Then Mr. Brown sent for Mrs. Baton.
I knew you would come back to me.
Thank God, cried the old woman holding him in her arms.
Where have you been all this time?
But now your face is not so pale and your arms are not so sad.
Mr. Brownlow took Rose into another room so that Rose could tell him about her meeting
with Nancy.
They talk about what should be done.
Chance Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 8
The Artful Dodger's Court
A few days later, the Artful Dodger tried to steal a handkerchief from someone's pocket.
A policeman saw that, arrested him and took him to the police station.
On the day of trial, the Dodger came into the courtroom with his left hand in his pocket
and the hat in his right one.
He asked the magistrate why he was there.
I am an Englishman.
Where are my privileges?
You'll get your privileges soon enough, said the policeman.
We'll see that the Secretary of State for Home Affairs has to say about this, replied the Dodger.
I hope the magistrate won't take too much time because I have an
employment in the city soon.
The people in the courtroom began to laugh loudly.
Silence, cried the policeman.
What is this?
The magistrate asked.
A peak pocket in case, sir, said the policeman.
This boy is a well-known thief.
Well, rather, witnesses asked the magistrate.
Yes, where are they?
I'd like to see them, said the Dodger.
The policeman saw the Dodger trying to steal the handkerchief, stepped forward.
Would you like to ask the witness anything?
The magistrate asked the Dodger.
No, said the Dodger, not at the moment.
Take him away, said the magistrate.
The Dodger was taken away by the policeman and locked up on a cell.
Chance Dickens.
Oliver Twist.
Chapter 8
Nancy goes to London Bridge.
It was Sunday evening.
Sykes was talking to Fagan.
Nancy waited until it was 11 o'clock.
She got up and put on her hat.
I want to walk on this street, said Nancy.
You can't so sit down, said Sykes angrily.
Please let me go, only for a now or quite Nancy.
She fell down on her knees in front of Sykes.
Sykes pulled her into another room and threw her into a chair.
Here she stayed until 12 o'clock.
She is very strange tonight, said Fagan.
His secretly thought Nancy was tired of Bill Sykes and wanted to meet another man.
He had to find out who this new man was.
He decided to get one of the boys to follow Nancy and watch her when she met her new friend.
On Sunday night, a week later, the church clock drunk a quarter to 12.
Two people appeared to London Bridge.
The first person was Nancy.
The second person was a man followed her.
When Nancy got to the middle of the bridge, she stopped.
A few minutes later, a young lady and a new gentleman walked onto the bridge.
They were Rose Mele and Mr. Browner.
Nancy ran towards them.
She said quickly,
I'm afraid to speak to you here.
Come down those steps over there.
The man her fault Nancy hurried their first and hid in a dark corner.
Miss Mele told me a story about monks, said Mr. Browner when they came down the steps.
We want to know why monks wants to hurt Oliver.
We need you to help us to find monks.
Nancy described him and told them where monks could be found.
What can I do for you?" asked Mr. Browner.
I don't want you to go back to such terrible people.
We can send you to a quiet place in England or in another country.
I can't serve.
I cannot live my own life.
I must go home now, said Nancy.
They need me.
Beall needs me.
The Nancy went home.
The man her faulted her, left the bridge, and quickly went back to Fakens house.
Chance Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 8
Nancy and Sykes
Fakens sat in a chair looking at the young man who was sleeping on the floor.
This was the man who had followed Nancy to the bridge.
Fakens now knew about the meeting.
He was angry because he was afraid of being arrested.
He sat thinking for a long time until he heard footsteps outside the door.
That was Beall Sykes.
I have something to tell you that won't please you, said Fakens.
He woke up the young man on the floor and asked him to tell about Nancy's meeting on
the bridge again.
When Sykes heard about last Sunday when he made Nancy stayed at home, Sykes jumped up
and drunk towards the door.
They asked him why she hadn't come last Sunday.
I'll kill her.
Fakens hurried after him and grabbed him before he could leave him.
Let me out, Christ Sykes.
I'll kill her.
Listen to me, Beall.
Said Fakens holding his arm.
Don't be too violent, Beall.
Be clever, Beall.
Sykes didn't answer him.
He pulled the door open and ran into the street.
When he arrived home, Sykes quietly climbed the stairs and went into the room where Nancy
was sleeping.
He locked the door and pushed a table against it.
Then Sykes grabbed Nancy by the head and throat and pulled her into the middle of the room.
He picked up his gun but thought about the noise it would make if he fired.
Instead, he held Nancy hard on the face with twice.
She fell down and blood flowed from her head.
Sykes stepped back from her and picked up a half-stick.
He caught his eyes and hid her again.
Charles Dickens.
Audio twist.
Chapter 8
Sykes is Capes.
The sun was shining through the curtains into the room where Nancy lay.
Sykes sat looking at Nancy's body.
Then he started the fire and threw the stick into it.
He tried to wash the blood from his hand.
Sykes also cleaned his clothes and his dog's feet of the blood as much as possible.
Then he left the house, taking the dog with him and walked quickly away.
He walked away from London as far as he could.
Sykes and his dog walked for today's sleeping fields when it was night.
After two lonely days and nights, he decided to return to London and get some money from
Fagan to go to France.
But he has thought about the dog.
If someone saw a man with the dog, they might know who he was.
He decided to kill the dog by drowning it in a river nearby.
Sykes walked towards the river and then he stopped to pick up a large stone.
He wanted to tie the stone to his dog's neck with his handkerchief
and then threw it into the river.
Come here, call Sykes.
But the dog knew that something was wrong.
It went towards his master but stopped a short distance away from him.
Come here, said Sykes again and made some steps towards the dog but the dog moved away from him.
Come back, shouted Sykes.
The dog came back a little, stopped and then turned and ran away as fast as possible.
Sykes called it again and waited for a while but his dog did not come back.
Chance Dickens all over twist.
Chapter 9
Mr. Brownlow meets Marx.
It was getting dark as Mr. Brownlow got out of a coach outside his house.
Two men also got out with the third man between them.
The third man was Marx.
They were walking quickly into Mr. Brownlow's house.
The two men took Marx upstairs into the room.
I was your father's oldest friend, began Mr. Brownlow.
And I'm going to give you a chance to explain everything.
Do you know you have a brother?
I don't have a brother.
You know I was the only child, said Marx.
No, after your parents left each other, your father fell in love with a young woman.
She was 19 years.
He was going to marry her but he was called away to Rome on business.
Suddenly he fell ill and died without living a will.
All his money was left to your mother and you.
But before he is living abroad, he came to see me and gave me a picture of a young woman he
wanted to marry, continued Mr. Brown.
Then he left for Rome and I never saw him again.
But it was me who took Oliver when he was sick.
He looked like a young woman in the picture your father had given me.
Now I know that Oliver is your brother and that there was a will.
The will said that a child would be born.
You got his mother's jewelry and the documents and then you threw those things
into the river so that nobody would know that Oliver was your brother.
Now you want to hurt Oliver.
The young girl who helped us is dead.
She was murdered a few days ago but the murderer will be caught tonight.
The dog was seen near the place.
He is hiding.
I don't know everything about that, cried Marx.
Will you sign the document to say that Oliver is your brother?
Asked Mr. Brownow.
Yes, Marx replied quietly.
If you don't tell the police about me, I'll keep your secret, said Mr. Brownow.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 9 sucks his quote.
In hours of the river Thames, in one of the poorest and dirtiest parts of London,
three men sat talking about Thagen.
He was arrested at lunchtime, said one of them.
The police took him away before the crowd could get at him.
The people wanted to kill him there.
Suddenly they heard a noise on the stairs and Bill's sex dog came into the room.
It must have jumped in through an open window but his master was not with him.
The dog was exhausted by its long journey.
It lay on the floor and fell asleep.
Three hours later Bill's sex knocked at the door.
He looked like a ghost.
Is it true that Thagen is caught?
It's true, replied one of the men.
Then outside the window they held horses and footsteps.
They looked out and saw a crowd of people looking for sex.
When they saw sex they shouted loudly and wanted to set the house on fire.
We'll catch him now, he can't escape, cried a man in the crowd.
I'll give fifty pounds to the person who catches him alive, cried the old gentleman.
At that moment the crowd broke down the front door of the house.
The people ran out the stairs.
Sex wanted to get down from the roof but he slept and fell down.
He was dead.
Charles Dickens Oliver Twist, chapter 9
Today's after the death of sex, Oliver travelled with Mr. Browno, Mrs. Maley, Rose,
Mrs. Bedwin and Mr. Greenwig to the town where he was born.
They passed their undertakers shop and their workers and stopped at the hotel.
Monks was waiting for them.
Mr. Browno told Oliver that Monks was his half-brother.
Then Mr. and Mrs. Bumble were led into the room.
Mr. Browno asked the Bumbles about Oliver's mother's Agnes.
He also asked about the jewelry she had left for Oliver.
Mr. Browno brought in two old women from the workhouse who knew about the jewelry.
They saw Mrs. Bumble take it from old Sally when she dead.
Well then, I did sell the jewelry and the document to Monks.
But you will never get them because they are at the bottom of the river, cried Mrs. Bumble, at last.
Then the Bumbles went out of the room angrily.
Mrs. Browno turned to Rose.
I have something important to tell you.
I have documents that you are the youngest sister of Agnes.
Your father had two daughters.
You are Oliver's aunt.
I want to call you my sister, cried Oliver, taking her and his arms.
My aunt, dear sister, whom I loved from the moment we met.
Charles Dickens, Oliver Twist.
Chapter 9
The End of Fagan
The courtroom was full of people waiting to see what would happen to Fagan.
The jewelry went out to consider the verdict.
Fagan waited.
Then at last they returned.
They were silenced in the courtroom and then the single word, guilty.
Fagan was taken back to the prison cell.
Then he was left alone to eat when he would be hanged.
Mr. Browno and Oliver went to see Fagan in the cell.
For the love of God said Mr. Browno,
you are going to die soon.
You know that sex is dead.
Monks told me about the papers.
Tell me where these documents are.
Fagan whispered to Oliver that the papers were in the hall of the chimney
in the room of the house where they had first met.
When Oliver and Mr. Browno left Fagan's cell,
there was a crowd of people outside the prison.
They were waiting to see Fagan be in hand.
The middle of the crowd stood the gallows.
The End
The story of people in this book is nearly finished.
Rose was married soon after.
Mrs. Mayley went to live with Rose and her husband.
Monks and Oliver were given three thousand pounds each.
Monks left England and traveled to another part of the world.
He quickly spent all the money before returning to a life of crime
and eventually died in prison.
Oliver went to live with Mr. Browno as his son in house near Rose and Mrs. Mayley,
where he could see his dear aunt as much as possible.
Mr. and Mrs. Bumble lost their jobs and had to live in the workhouse
when they used to work.
There is a white gravestone in the old village church
and only one word on it.
Agnes.